1.  Commenting involves placing Human Readable Descriptions inside of computer programs detailing what the Code is doing. 
    Proper use of commenting can make code maintenance much easier, as well as helping make finding bugs faster.
    Further, commenting is very important when writing functions that other people will use.


2. The CALL statement transfers control from one object program to another within the run unit. 
   The program containing the CALL statement is the calling program; the program identified in the CALL statement is the called subprogram.

3.You can compile your VBA code by clicking Debug Menu → Compile VBA Project.
        A compilation error can also occur when VBA doesn't find anything missing while typing the code, 
        but it does when the code is compiled or executed.
        VBA checks each line as you're typing the code and highlights the syntax error as soon as the line is incorrect and you hit enter.


4.    Shortcut	                                                Windows
    (i)Jump between Excel and the VB Editor Window	         Alt+F11	
    (ii)Run Macro/Procedure	                                 F5	
    (iii)Step Through Each Line of Code	                         F8	
    (iv)Run to Cursor	                                         Ctrl+F8
                          
                   Begin keyboard shortcuts with CTRL or a function key.
                   Press the TAB key repeatedly until the cursor is in the Press new shortcut key box. 
                   Press the combination of keys that you want to assign.

5. step 1. first create a table for a sqare root number
   step 2. click on macro and start record
   step 3. then select a number then write a formula=SQRT(B2)
   step 4.then stop recording
   step 5. after the given table which i want to calculate click the shortcut 
           key which we assign on creating the macro 

6.Run the code : Pressing F8
  Step into code: F8 key
  Step out of code: press Ctrl+Shift+F8
  reset the code:Alt,R

