1.  Macros for Excel are instructions you can customise to complete repetitive tasks automatically.
    Implementing macros in different types of software can help save users time when 
    working on repetitive tasks,like filling in cells.

2. Visual Basic for Applications is a computer programming language developed and owned by Microsoft. 
   With VBA you can create macros to automate repetitive word and 
   data-processing functions, and generate custom forms, graphs, and reports.


3. On the Developer tab, click Record Macro. 
   Optionally,enter a name for the macro in the Macro name box, 
   enter a shortcut key in the Shortcut key box, and a description in the Description box, 
   and then click OK to start recording.

step 1. first go to devloper tab,click on macro 
step 2. fill the name of table,
        then create shortcut key 
step 3. start recording then create a table
step 4. after creating table stop the recording
step 5. go to next sheet then select the macro name it automatically
        create that table


4.  Microsoft Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) enables non-programmers to record, create 
     and edit macros that can automate tasks in Office applications.

5.  The Visual Basic editor, also called the VBA editor, VB editor, or VBE, is an interface for creating scripts.
    VBA (Visual Basic for Applications) is the coding language that's used to create these scripts.
               
           The Properties window is used to display properties for objects selected in the
           two main types of windows available in the Visual Studio integrated development environment (IDE).
    1.Tool windows such as Solution Explorer, Class View, and Object browser
    2.Document windows containing such editors and designers as the forms designer,
       XML editor, and HTML editor


6.The Immediate window displays information resulting from debugging statements in your code or
  from commands typed directly into the window.
